SYS Museum Fossil Amber is simply fossilized tree sap, formed and hardened over many thousands of years. Prized for its beauty, amber is often used in accessories such as necklaces and earrings. Amber containing a trapped insect, such as a bee or ant, can fetch a particularly high price.
SYS Museum Fossil Ammonites were sea creatures with shells ranging from a few inches to a few feet in diameter. However, theories speculate that giant varieties existed as well, with shells six feet in diameter. Oddly, the ammonite is a closer relative to the squid or octopus than to the chambered nautilus.
SYS Museum Fossil Fossilized dung might not sound too exciting, but coprolites are a treasure trove of information. If they contain seeds, bones, or scales, you can gain insight into the animal's natural diet. Dung doesn't easily turn into fossils, so they're considered quite precious and hard to come by.
SYS Museum Fossil Dinosaur eggs vary in size depending on the species, but larger ones can reach about a foot in length. If the egg was fossilized when it was just about to hatch, sometimes intact bones can be found inside. However, it is generally rather difficult to determine the exact species a fossilized egg belongs to.
SYS Museum Fossil Originally, all plants on the planet were actually sea dwelling, but then they eventually spread to land. This fossilized fern is thought to be one of the very first plants to make this move to dry land. Reproducing via spores rather than seeds, it resembles modern ferns, though several yards taller.
SYS Museum Fossil Unlike other fossils, fossilized foot- prints give us a glimpse of how the creature in question actually lived. Thanks to modern science, we can determine quite a lot about the particular gaits of some creatures. This includes how they supported their weight, their posture when walking, and even walking speed.
SYS Museum Fossil The archaeopteryx is considered a close relative to the ancestors of modern birds. Despite the similarities, its teeth and three-clawed hands contain marked differences. As its bones were hollow to keep its body lighter and allow for flight, fossils rarely survive.
SYS Museum Fossil Peking man was a hominid existing 500,000 years ago who used stone tools for crafting. He also hunted for animals, making him more a carnivore than an herbivore. Though not a direct ancestor of modern-day humans, interaction between the two was very likely.
SYS Museum Fossil This fossilized shark tooth has a distinctive serrated edge, like a steak knife. Sharks have existed since before the dinosaurs, but their appearance seems to have hardly changed at all. Their age actually puts them at a time even before plants had fully propagated over every continent.
SYS Museum Fossil Similar in appearance to a wood louse, the trilobite was an ancient sea-dwelling arthropod. It could range between 4 mm and 70 cm in length, depending on various factors. The trilobite was one of the first creatures to have eyes and the ability to detect enemies and prey.
SYS Museum Fossil The famous tyrannosaur was one of the largest and strongest carnivores of its day. Though it could reach more than 30 feet in length, it was capable of speeds near 20 mph. Its hind claws were powerful, as were its razor-sharp teeth. This made the T. rex fearsome indeed.
SYS Museum Fossil The triceratops was a very large herbivore, commonly identified by its three horns and large bone frill. Its horns were likely used for turf wars and for fighting over females rather than for protection. While it's true that it most likely lived in the same era as the T. rex, the two probably didn't fight much.
SYS Museum Fossil The mammoth was a giant, woolly elephant-like animal equipped with long, deadly tusks. Aside from protection, the tusks were also likely used to clear paths through the snow. One theory states that mammoths became extinct at the end of the last ice age due to a lack of food.
SYS Museum Fossil The ankylosaurus is famous for the distinctive armor that covered its body from head to toe. This armor consisted of large bone knobs and plates covered in a thick, leathery skin. When threatened by carnivorous dinosaurs, it would swing its club- like tail to protect itself.
SYS Museum Fossil With its impossibly long neck and tail, many questions exist regarding the lifestyle of the apatosaurus. Herbivorous dinosaurs tended to have larger digestive tracts than carnivorous dinosaurs. This distinction is what usually accounted for a thicker body, which the apatosaurus had. You might also hear it called a brontosaurus, though this name is scientifically redundant.
SYS Museum Fossil Despite its reptilian appearance, the dimetrodon was not actually a dinosaur, as you'd assume. It was, in fact, a mammal-like reptile that went extinct before the first dinosaurs appeared. It had knife-shaped teeth for slicing, as well as smaller ones for crushing. The large fan on its back was used to regulate body temperature an important feature of the time.
SYS Museum Fossil The iguanodon is so named because it was mistakenly believed to be a large iguana. An herbivore, it is famous for its spikelike thumb claws, which seem somewhat odd on a nonpredator. Supposedly it would run on two legs but would use all four when it was just walking at its leisure.
SYS Museum Fossil The sabertooth tiger was about the size of a lion and is famous for its two long canine teeth. It would prey mostly on woolly mammoths, but climate change made that difficult. Eventually, the changing climate and competition with humans for food drove these creatures to extinction.
SYS Museum Fossil The pachycephalosaurus is known for its round, helmetlike head, the use of which is still debated. The bony dome atop its skull was nearly a foot thick, which is why mostly skull fossils survive. Some theories say the animals would smash their heads together to determine pecking order.
SYS Museum Fossil The parasaur is well known for the distinctive head crest extending from its nose to behind its head. The crest was formed from a hollow bone that was more than a yard in length. Theories hold that it was used to amplify the creature's vocalizations for a variety of reasons.
SYS Museum Fossil The diplodocus was an herbivore of the late Jurassic period sporting a tremendously long tail and neck. The neck was so long that, from snout to tail, its length could reach a staggering 175 feet long. Evidence suggests it would use its long, slender tail like a whip to defend itself from attackers.
SYS Museum Fossil While not a dinosaur itself, the plesiosaur, a marine reptile, did live alongside the dinosaurs. These creatures could reach lengths of 23 feet or longer, the bulk of that being their long necks. Plesiosaurs are commonly mistaken for certain kinds of mythical sea monsters, such as "Nessie."
SYS Museum Fossil The name stegosaurus literally means "roofed lizard" or "covered lizard." This name came from a belief at the time of discovery that it was covered in bony plates like a shell. We know now that the plates stood fully upright along its back and were covered in thick skin. Beyond protection from harm, they were likely used to regulate body temperature.
SYS Museum Fossil Pteranodons were a type of winged reptile, perhaps the ancestors of common birds. With their wings spread, they were about the size of a small airplane, but their bodies were very light. Strangely, they weighed less than 50 pounds, with wings made from skin, allowing for ease of flight.
SYS Museum Fossil Though they bear a striking visual similarity to dolphins, ichthyosaurs were reptiles rather than mammals. Interestingly, adult specimens have been found with juvenile bones inside their abdominal cavities. This suggests that rather than laying eggs, ichthyosaurs gave birth to live young in the water.
SYS Museum Fossil Usually just called raptors, they're also known as velociraptors, which literally means "swift seizers." They had large heads for their bodies, so theories suggest they were relatively intelligent. Though not imposing in stature, they had large and deadly claws on their hind legs.
SYS Museum Fossil Styracosaurus literally means "spiked lizard." It looked roughly like a more intense triceratops. In addition to the spike on its nose, it had three sets of horns extending from its gaudy neck frill. Fossils have generally been found in groups, so the belief is that it was a herd animal.
SYS Museum Fossil The spinosaurus is famous for the sail on its back, made up of skin stretched over spikelike bones. The assumption is that these sails were used to help regulate body temperature, common for reptiles. In addition to having this large sail, it is also the largest of the carnivorous dinosaurs. Despite being so commanding, its diet most likely consisted of fish from swampy, marshy regions.
SYS Museum Fossil The megacerops was a mammalian grazer with a Y-shaped horn on its nose. It is a distant relative of the rhinoceros, which the horn helps give away. Its main source of food was soft grass, but climate change caused this food source to disappear. Ultimately, without a thriving source of fresh food, megacerops joined other creatures in extinction.
SYS Museum Fossil With a name that literally means "ruler turtle," the archelon was an ancient species of sea turtle. Reaching 13 feet in length and two metric tons in weight, it was a giant that lived up to its name. It likely ate jellyfish and squid, though theories say it may have also preyed on ammonites. Unlike with modern turtles, its shell was too soft to allow it to pull in its limbs for a defensive position.
