SYS Museum Insect Seen flapping in the sun, common butterflies can be identified by black spots on their white wings. To the human eye, both males and females look white, but there are actually subtle differences. On closer inspection, the males' wings look black while the females' wings look white. The caterpillars have been known to cause damage to farmers' crops.
SYS Museum Insect The yellow butterfly is similar to the common butterfly, with the two easily mistaken for one another. Males are more often a yellowish color, and females are more often white. The larvae feed on plants of the Fabaceae family, such as milk vetch or white clover.
SYS Museum Insect The larvae of tiger butterflies feed on leaves of orange trees until they metamorphose. When they're threatened, they emit a foul smell from their antennae to protect themselves. The dusting you see on your fingers whenever you touch their wings is actually from their scales. These scales form the wing pattern as well as repel rainwater, making them very important for survival.
SYS Museum Insect The back of the wings of a peacock butterfly is black, while the front is blue or green. The males have black, velvet hair on their forewings and are easy to spot because of their beauty. Sometimes you may see a group of male peacock butterflies drinking water together.
SYS Museum Insect Monarch butterflies are known for their lengthy southward migrations in the winter. Once spring rolls around, they return to their original homes until the weather turns cold again. In their southern habitat during winter, you may see thousands of them covering the trees.
SYS Museum Insect Emperor butterflies are easily recognized because of their lovely, iridescent blue wings. Pigmentation isn't actually what causes the color, but rather the reflections on their wing scales. Since their wings shimmer when moving, noticing them is much easier when they are midflight.
SYS Museum Insect Agrias butterflies are argued to have the most beautiful wings of all butterfly species. They're capable of flying quite fast, making them more difficult to catch than a number of their peers. Their wings sport three colorsred, blue, and blackbut many have different patterns and shapes.
SYS Museum Insect Raja Brooke butterflies have red heads and a red strip around their necks, giving the look of a collar. They are known to drink hot-spring water and often hang around water flowing up from the ground. While males are vibrantly green, females are much more commonly seen with brown wings.
SYS Museum Insect The world's largest butterflies, birdwing butterflies, have wings that can measure 30 cm long. The females have longer wings than the males, while the males' wings have a deeper blue color. Though they are extremely popular with collectors, international trading is either limited or fully banned.
SYS Museum Insect Moths are related to butterflies, but they're most often active at night instead of day. They use their large antennae to sense, smell, and guide themselves in the dark. Interestingly, the number of moth species is estimated at 160,000, so "moth" is a fairly broad descriptor.
SYS Museum Insect Oak silk moths are seen in the summer and are one of the largest moth species in the world. They make silk from their mouths as they transition into the pupa stage. As adults, they don't eat anything and only live off the nutrients they stored while they were caterpillars.
SYS Museum Insect Honeybees gather nectar from flowers and make honey, making them integral in many ecosystems. The worker bees are females and the only ones capable of stinging, though that is rather rare. The hive does contain males, but after mating season, they are all sent away. Honey has been consumed since ancient times. Cave paintings 8,000 years old show people eating honey.
SYS Museum Insect Bees are prone to attacking anyone who comes too close to their hive, so be careful when approaching! The yellow and black you see on their bodies are colors often used to convey danger. This danger is pretty significant, as many varieties of bees are capable of stinging multiple times.
SYS Museum Insect When male long locusts jump, you can hear the trademark stridulation noise they make. Long locusts can be green as well as brown. The brown ones usually hide near dried grass or brown areas. While males are long, females are consistently much longer, making it simple to tell them apart.
SYS Museum Insect Migratory locusts are large insects that can jump up to 32 feet, as they open their wings when they jump. These locusts love to eat and can consume their own weight in food every single day. As a group, their hunger is enough that a million locusts can consume one ton of food per day. Oddly, when migratory locusts grow up surrounded only by other locusts, their shells will be entirely black.
SYS Museum Insect Rice grasshoppers are typically known as pests that eat farmers' crops, making them undesirable. But they're also edible, and boiling them in soy sauce is a typical way to prepare them in certain regions. While they are generally green, their shells will turn a darker color when heavily crowded in groups.
SYS Museum Insect Mantises are known for the praying pose they sit in while ambushing unsuspecting prey. They'll snatch whatever is moving nearby and can even capture creatures larger than themselves. When threatened, mantises will spread their thin green wings to appear more intimidating.
SYS Museum Insect Orchid mantises look like orchids and use them as camouflage for protection from predators. While this camouflage keeps them safe, it also helps them to surprise any prey that comes to the flowers. They are usually carnivorous, but they still eat the occasional banana to balance their vitamin intake.
SYS Museum Insect The crying of brown cicadas is usually associated with the sound of hot oil sputtering. Their wings are brown instead of being transparent, making them a rare species throughout the world. While completely harmless by themselves, in swarms they can cause devastation to crops.
SYS Museum Insect Robust cicadas are distinguished by the shortness of their bodies in relation to their wing size. They used to share territories with brown cicadas, but robust cicadas tend to prefer dry locales. As you'd expect, they make a rather robust call, though males actually change their sound around females.
SYS Museum Insect As the name might indicate, giant cicadas are one of the largest species of cicada in the world. They used to live mostly in warmer western Japan, but they've now also moved to urban eastern Japan. Though they're now common in these areas, they aren't well known in other parts of the world.
SYS Museum Insect Walker cicadas have a unique crying sound that gives the impression they're all singing in harmony. They usually start crying late in the summer, so people can associate their sound with summer's end. This call is so related with summer in general, TV shows regularly use this cicada to indicate the season.
SYS Museum Insect Evening cicadas cry when it's dark out, regardless of what time of day it actually is. People tend to think it's the end of summer when they hear the cry of evening cicadas. However, this species of cicada starts crying at the end of the rainy season, which generally falls in July.
SYS Museum Insect Cicada larvae emerge from the ground in the evening and molt on trees, leaving behind empty shells. It's possible to find out the species of cicadas just by looking at these shells. Collecting the shells will tell you how many and what kind of cicadas inhabit a certain area.
SYS Museum Insect Lantern flies stay on trees to drink tree sap, which is where you'll most commonly find them. Their heads are shaped like alligators, though this is just an odd coincidence. Their wings have patterns that look like eyes so when they're open they can scare off predators. They don't really cry that much, but they are still related to cicadas to some extent.
SYS Museum Insect Red dragonflies are seen in the fall, as they're rather sensitive to the heat of summer. They stay in the mountains during summer and come down to the plains in cooler weather. The males' bodies turn red when they mature, but their heads and thoraxes are brownish. The females have a more yellowish color and aren't as red as the males, making them easy to tell apart.
SYS Museum Insect The heads and thoraxes of darner dragonflies are colored a lovely yellow green. The males have a light-blue spot on their bellies, which is not a trait the females share. Darner dragonflies can usually be seen flying around bodies of water such as lakes or ponds.
SYS Museum Insect Banded dragonflies have black- and-yellow-striped bodies and bright-green eyes. They are large and can fly quite fast. They have strong jaws, so it might be painful if you're bitten. Their larval stage lasts two to four years, where they live near water, feeding on tadpoles and small fish.
SYS Museum Insect Dragonflies very similar to petaltail dragonflies have been found in fossils from the Jurassic period. They are considered "living fossils" that haven't changed much since prehistoric times. Their wingspan is over 16 cm, making them the world's largest dragonfly.
SYS Museum Insect Ants are small but very powerful and are able to carry items far heavier than they are. In the nest, there is a queen and also worker ants, making them somewhat similar to bees. In some habitats, ants actually make up between 15-20% of the area's total terrestrial-animal biomass.
SYS Museum Insect Pondskaters distinguish themselves by having the ability to run on the surface of water. They have a mouth part that lets them suck up bugs that fall on the water's surface. Their wings allow them to freely move to different parts of the water's surface if the need arises. Some say they smell like candy, which is a rather curious association to make in the insect world.
SYS Museum Insect Diving beetles swim using thick, hairy hind legs and clean the water by eating dead insects. They store a supply of air under their wings to breathe underwater and surface to replenish as needed. When they're caught by predators, they release a foul-smelling bluish fluid from their heads in defense.
SYS Museum Insect Stinkbugs are known for their foul smell, enough to drive away most predators and people. The smell is so strong that if they release it in an airtight place, they pass out from their own smell. They like to gather in clumps to stay warm in sunshine, though they will seek out warm houses as well.
SYS Museum Insect Snails are mollusks that live on land and are related to shellfish like clams and oysters. One snail can play the role of both a male and a female, so it can lay eggs all by itself. Newly hatched snails already have a tiny shell, so right from birth they are easily identified. Most species have clockwise spirals on their shells, though spirals that go counterclockwise are possible.
SYS Museum Insect The chirping sound you often hear from male crickets is emitted by the stridulation of their wings. Crickets' ears are located just below the middle joint of each front leg. While this seems odd to us, it helps them easily pinpoint where various sounds are coming from.
SYS Museum Insect The chirping sound of bell crickets is considered beautiful and tends to represent the coming of fall. This easily recognizable chirping is created when males of the species rub their forewings together. The resulting sound is much higher in pitch than the human voice, so it can't be heard over a phone.
SYS Museum Insect Grasshoppers are known for their unique songs, but unlike crickets, it doesn't come from their wings. Rather, the chirping sound comes from their rubbing their legs together. They look like a thicker version of locusts, but some species of grasshoppers actually eat locusts.
SYS Museum Insect Mole crickets live underground in tunnels they dig themselves, moving freely through the soil. Their forelimbs resemble those of moles and are very suitable for the task of digging. They have large wings that allow them to fly, but they can also swim if the need arises. In the past, people used to think the noise they made underground was actually coming from worms.
SYS Museum Insect Walking leaves look just like real leaves. They're related to walking sticks, which resemble twigs. The females are better at mimicking leaves than the males, though they can't fly. Their mimicking is so thorough that some of them even have fake bite marks on their bodies.
SYS Museum Insect Walking sticks disguise themselves to confuse predators and are very closely related to walking leaves. They have cylindrical bodies that look like sticks. Some of them can even change their pigmentation. Females can lay eggs without the males, so most of the walking sticks you see are females.
SYS Museum Insect Bagworms are certain moths in caterpillar phase. They stay in cases or cocoons for warmth in winter. They construct their cases by sticking silk threads together between leaves or branches. Females don't have wings, and some simply wait inside their cocoons for males to come by to mate.
SYS Museum Insect Despite the name, not all ladybugs are "ladies." There are also male ladybugs. Though you'll see different ladybugs with different numbers of spots, they don't get more as they age. Ladybugs eat insects harmful to crops. A few species eat the leaves of crops, but most are beneficial. They're tough against the cold, but during winter they stay in groups under dry leaves for warmth.
SYS Museum Insect As the name indicates, these bugs resemble violins. They're very thin and roughly five mm thick. They stay on top of fungi on trees and prey upon small bugs that happen by. When predators come near, violin beetles emit a noxious fluid to protect themselves. The fluid is toxic and can be painful if it touches your hands or eyes, so be careful!
SYS Museum Insect Longhorn beetles have very strong mandibles, and both adult and larval forms eat through the bark of trees. They have extremely long antennae that are sometimes even longer than their bodies. The adults have such strong mandibles that they can bite off people's hair. And keep in mind that hair isn't the only thing they'll bite, so be careful when handling them!
SYS Museum Insect Tiger beetles are known for their aggressive predatory habits and fast running speed. Their bodies are rather colorful and reflect the sunshine, giving them a shimmery appearance. Tiger-beetle larvae live in cylindrical burrows and capture insects that wander past with their mandibles.
SYS Museum Insect Dung beetles are famous for the exact thing you'd assume they're famous for. In fact, they use their namesake both as a source of food and a place to lay their eggs. Dung beetles are very strong and can roll things 10 times the weight of their bodies. One species can even pull objects 1,141 times its weight, which is like a human pulling 6 packed buses!
SYS Museum Insect Wharf roaches can be seen along the sea, usually just above the waterline on rocky cliffs. They feed mainly on microalgae and detritus that drift to the seashore, making them cleaners of sorts. They often move in groups and run away quickly when they hear people approaching.
SYS Museum Insect Hermit crabs live in empty shells they can fit their bodies into. As they grow, they find bigger shells. They're quite picky about each new shell and first measure the opening with their claws. The shells they choose usually fit well, and they'll sometimes fight one another over ownership rights.
SYS Museum Insect Both male and female fireflies are capable of producing light from their lower abdomens. This light isn't the same as the light from a lightbulb, though, and isn't hot when you touch it. Fireflies can actually glow when in the egg and larval stages, but that light is comparatively weaker.
SYS Museum Insect The fruit beetle has a brilliant- green-colored body and tends to hang around fruit trees. They have a hard outer wing casing and lift this casing when they need to fly using their thin wings. The larvae of fruit beetles feed on decaying vegetable debris and plant roots.
SYS Museum Insect Scarab beetles have elegant, metallic-looking bodies and are shinier even than fruit beetles. They're so shiny that they're said to gleam like gold. They're very rare and can be sold for high prices. Like all beetles in the scarab family, the outer shell provides a very thick layer of protection from predators. The high value and golden shell do make them more vulnerable when it comes to Bell hunters, though.
SYS Museum Insect Jewel beetles are very pretty insects that show a red line on their green bodies when refracting light. They're so pretty that it's believed people used them for craftwork a long time ago. Their shiny wings are easy to notice, but birds have a hard time targeting them. This is because birds aren't very good at seeing things that change color in different lights.
SYS Museum Insect Miyama stags look strong, with their thick, bumpy exoskeletons and yellow hair covering their bodies. They're active during the day but really don't prefer the heat during the summer. Contrary to their appearance, they are rather delicate insects, so be sure to handle with care.
SYS Museum Insect The most distinguishing feature of saw stags are their large, curved jaws. The inner parts of their jaws look like saws, which is how they get their moniker. When they feel vibrations, they stop moving right away and feign death as a defense mechanism.
SYS Museum Insect Giant stags are huge stag beetles with one tooth in each side of their large jaws. They're very territorial but careful at the same time, so they usually hide in holes in trees. They have a long life span. Records show that some have lived up to five years. They're very popular among collectors as pets, so they commonly fetch a high price.
SYS Museum Insect Rainbow stags are called the most beautiful of stag beetles because of their metallic-rainbow color. Not only are their wings a pretty rainbow color, but their bellies are as well. They are quite laid back, but they can be seen every now and then fighting to protect their territories.
SYS Museum Insect Cyclommatus stags are identified by their long pairs of mandibles, which can be as long as their bodies. Their large mandibles are actually already formed when they're in the pupal stage of life. Although these beetles are mostly easygoing, those living in mountains really can't stand the heat.
SYS Museum Insect Golden stags are named after their unique gold color and are highly prized by collectors. They shine like gold when their bodies are dry, but when it's humid, they actually look black. Golden stags have short mandibles that aren't good for fighting, but males sometimes fight for territory. The males are surprisingly friendly to the females, which gives these beetles a likable quality.
SYS Museum Insect Horned dynastids are part of the scarab family. Their horns are actually part of their exoskeleton. Horned dynastids don't have a nose or ears, but they can sense smells with their antennae. They are also able to feel the minor vibration of sounds traveling in the air using thin hair on their bodies. They are fairly loud when flying, plus they emit a rather sour odor, so they are hard not to notice.
SYS Museum Insect Horned atlases, though perhaps not the largest, are still known as the strongest of the dynastid beetles. Their 3 horns make them look like a mash-up of a dynastid beetle and a stag beetle! In the pupal stage, they already have 3 horns and tend to be pretty strong.
SYS Museum Insect Horned elephants are some of the heaviest dynastid beetles in the world. The thin yellow hair that covers their bodies makes them rather attractive to mates and collectors. Their horns resemble an elephant raising its trunk, which is how they got their name. They're already big in their larval stage, but by their pupal stage, they are the size of a person's hand.
SYS Museum Insect Horned herculeses are the largest beetles in the world, reaching over 17 cm in exceptional cases. Their 2 long horns look pretty, but they're powerful and can hurt a lot if you're pinched by them. The longer horn is covered with short, soft yellow hair, which helps them to sense vibrations. The yellow on their bodies turns black when it's humid, making them difficult to spot on humid evenings.
SYS Museum Insect Goliath beetles, named after the legendary giant, are among the largest insects in the world. The larvae can weigh four ounces or more. Once mature, they are only half that weight, however. They spend their days flying from tree to tree to feed on tree sap or fruits.
SYS Museum Insect Fleas are tiny insects that feed on blood from humans and animals, which then results in an itchy rash. They use their piercing mouths to suck blood while injecting saliva into their host at the same time. Unlike mosquitoes, both males and females suck blood. The females are larger than the males.
SYS Museum Insect Pill bugs live in moist places, which is why you will commonly find them under rocks and in stumps. When they're touched, they roll into a ball. Oddly enough, they're part of the crustacean family. As such, and since they don't like dry places, they can travel for a short time underwater if need be.
SYS Museum Insect Mosquitoes can easily be found flying around on warm summer nights looking for targets. Only the females feed on blood, and when they do so, they also inject saliva. The saliva is actually what causes the annoying itchy feeling, rather than the bite itself. Mosquitoes detect body heat, sweat, and carbon dioxide, so they are drawn to exercising humans.
SYS Museum Insect Flies are often seen rubbing their forelegs to clean them, which seems odd, because, well, they're flies. However, they need to keep their legs clean as they contain taste and tactile receptors. By doing so, they can better savor the flavor of whatever they find to eat next. The legs also contain a sticky liquid so flies can more easily land on smooth surfaces.
SYS Museum Insect The house centipede has many remarkably long legs that give it a very intimidating appearance. However, despite this intense look, they are for the most part harmless to humans. When an enemy is holding down one of its legs, the house centipede will drop that leg to make an escape. The dropped leg will continue to flail for a while, though, providing a distraction.
SYS Museum Insect Despite the name, centipedes have a varying number of legs, from about 30 to 46 rather than 100. They also have forcipules, which are a modification of the first pair of legs, that inject venom. Centipedes are sometimes used as an ingredient in herbal medicine, though the effect is questionable.
SYS Museum Insect Spiders emit silk from their spinnerets and use it to create elaborate webs to snag prey. The horizontal threads are sticky to the touch, allowing them to be used as very strong restraints. However, the vertical threads are smooth, allowing spiders to walk on them without getting stuck.
SYS Museum Insect Tarantulas are large arachnids that live in warm areas. They're some- times kept as pets. They have sharp fangs, and while it is painful if you're bitten by one, they aren't deadly to humans. What's scarier is the hair they kick off of their abdomens to protect themselves. The hair can cause serious itching and rashes wherever it sticks and can be rather difficult to remove.
SYS Museum Insect Scorpions resemble crabs and are in the class arachnida, though they aren't aquatic. Most species possess venom, but of the 1,000 or more species, only 25 are deadly to humans. Scorpion eggs hatch inside the female's abdomen, and the young spend time on her back after birth.
