SYS Error You can't change the layout of the exhibition room while company is present!
SYS Error You can't hang wallpaper in a tent!
SYS Error You can't lay carpet in a tent!
SYS Error You can't change your clothes because your pockets are too full!
SYS Error You can't take anything off your head now because your pockets are too full!
SYS Error You can't spread a design of your own creation in a tent!
SYS Error You can't hang items on a tent wall!
SYS Error You can't change the wall or floor design while company is present!
SYS Error You can't move furniture around while you have company over!
SYS Error You can't change the carpet while company is over!
SYS Error You can't change wallpaper while you have company present!
SYS Error You can't set things out in your room while you have company over!
SYS Error You can't move things around while you have company over!
SYS Error You can't put out any more furniture here!
SYS Error You can't put anything else out here! There's no more room!
SYS Error You can't put a design around here!
SYS Error You can't edit designs while the station gate is open!
SYS Error You can't edit any designs during communications with other players!
SYS Error You can't do that right now because your pockets can't hold the item you're replacing with the design!
SYS Error You can't wear the Mii mask now because your pockets can't hold the outfit you'd need to remove!
SYS Error You can't wear the Mii mask right now since your pockets are too full!
SYS Error You can't put that item in the exhibition hall!
SYS Error You can't edit your designs while on the island!
SYS Error Your pockets are too full to swap those items!
SYS Error You can't write any more letters because your mail pouch is full!
SYS Error You can't hold any more letters!
SYS Error You can't plant anything here!
SYS Error You can't bury anything here!
SYS Error Your pockets are full, so you can't do that right now!
SYS Error Your pockets are full, so you can't grab your present!
SYS Error You can't take money out of your wallet when your pockets are full!
SYS Error The <834> cannot be attached to a letter!
SYS Error You can't use the stopwatch while pulling weeds!
SYS Error Your wallet is full, so no more Bells will fit!
SYS Error You can't use the stopwatch while somebody is playing hide-and-seek!
SYS Error You can't use the stopwatch while you're playing hide-and-seek!
SYS Error You can't type any more characters!
SYS Error You can't use the stopwatch while dreaming!
SYS Error You can't hang this here!
SYS Error There's no space for you to put that item around here!
SYS Error There's no space on the wall to hang up that item...
SYS Error You can't view that right now.
SYS Error You can't write a letter while you're dreaming!
SYS Error <35558>
