NPC Snowman C $ENTITY You did it! $ENTITY This color! This shine! This size! $ENTITY I'm the definition of perfection! $ENTITY You are... MAZING! $ENTITY Did you get that? A $ENTITY MAZING! $ENTITY Dude. I'm so happy, I think the snow around my eyes is melting.
NPC Snowman C I... I am the... PERFECT SNOWBOY! $ENTITY I am in love with the way you made me, bud. These beautiful snowy curves... I'm the complete package! You are one skilled snowboy maker!
NPC Snowman C $ENTITY I'M MEEEEE! $ENTITY This head! This body! This is exactly the perfect balance I love! $ENTITY You've really gotten my little snow life off to a great start!
NPC Snowman C Ohhhhh! $ENTITY So close! $ENTITY This head should be a little better matched to this body... But I probably shouldn't be so picky. I mean, you did bring me to life. That was super cool of you! I'll just, uh, work on polishing up my looks whenever I get a chance... 
NPC Snowman C Ohhhhh! So close! I was almost a perfect snowboy... It's the little details that matter. You know, like making my head the right size for my body... But I shouldn't complain. You did bring me to life, right? That was a pretty cool thing to do!
NPC Snowman C Hmmm... Almost got it! $ENTITY Yep. Almost. $ENTITY It's easy to get something 70 percent of the way done. $ENTITY But being dedicated enough to go that extra 30 percent takes you from amateur hour to pro. And I really want you to become a professional snowman maker. $ENTITY But, geez. Sorry for sounding so strict! I really should be thanking you for making me!
NPC Snowman C Oohhhh! You didn't quite get me right... I bet you thought to yourself "This is good enough" when you were putting my head on, didn't you? But you can't just do things halfway when you're making a snowperson! $ENTITY You have to put your whole heart into it! Take care with every flake! $ENTITY 'Cause I'm feeling kind of so-so about the way I look right now... 
NPC Snowman C Oh... You went with this size head, huh? Interesting choice. $ENTITY I don't mean to be picky after you went to all the trouble to bring me to life, but... Gaaaaah! With just a little more care, I could've been made so good looking!
NPC Snowman C $ENTITY It's snowboy time! $ENTITY How's that for a new catchphrase? Think people will start saying that?... Huh. You don't seem all that enthusiastic about it. $ENTITY Maybe if you'd made me more aesthetically pleasing, my delivery would be better too! Society is a harsh judge of mediocre-looking snowpeeps.
NPC Snowman C $ENTITY Oh, great! $ENTITY I actually had a very bad feeling the whole time you were rolling me up into the snowman I am now. I would have said something, but I didn't have a mouth yet. $ENTITY So, yeah... I feel weird... 
NPC Snowman C Whaaa... Whaaa... Whaaa... WHAT IS THIS?! $ENTITY As a snowman in the making, you tend to expect a few imperfections. But this is ridiculous! $ENTITY Your hand slipped, right? Or did you sneeze while you were rolling me up? Yeah, that must be it. This is a tragedy... .
NPC Snowman C Ouch... This is gonna be rough. $ENTITY It's always been a dream of mine to be born as a cool snowman. $ENTITY But... to be honest... I look a little off. $ENTITY The snow around my eyes is turning into tears... 
NPC Snowman C I can't thank you enough for your top-notch snowman-making skills! $ENTITY I'll be sending you a letter with something to show my appreciation! Keep an eye out for it!
NPC Snowman C I usually try to play it cool, but I can't help bubbling over with appreciation for you and your skill! I'd really like to thank you! $ENTITY I'll send it in a letter. Keep an eye out for it!
NPC Snowman C It's my birthday today! $ENTITY But please... no candles on my cake!
NPC Snowman C I'll be hanging out in this town for a while. It's gonna be fun!
NPC Snowman C You know, I'm basically still a kid. But for some reason, people think I'm older... .
NPC Snowman C Hey! You wanna play rock-paper- scissors? $ENTITY One, $ENTITY two... Sorry... I just wanted to try.
NPC Snowman C Whew... The sky sure is far away. $ENTITY You know, that's where I came from. I'm kinda like a space alien. $ENTITY It's hard to forget that fateful day when I came falling down as white, powdery snow. $ENTITY I was a million little snowboys!
NPC Snowman C Even snowmen have times when we're cold! $ENTITY Sometimes I just need someone to hold me tight... .
NPC Snowman C Hey! Do you know my little brother? $ENTITY You gotta look out for him for me! It's cool having a little brother so much younger than me. I gotta watch out for that little snowtyke!
NPC Snowman C Snowmen have it easy when it comes to working out. $ENTITY One good freeze, and my soft, fluffy body is like sculpted steel! The snowbabes are gonna love me!
NPC Snowman C I've lost a little weight lately. $ENTITY But it's mostly water weight... 
NPC Snowman C What's summer like? $ENTITY I've heard rumors that it's a hot season with no snow. $ENTITY Life is all about experiences. $ENTITY So I'd love to experience just one summer day. I think I could handle that.
NPC Snowman C It's funny to think that everything about me fell from the sky... even my voice!
NPC Snowman C I really should have bought a fridge before letting myself melt so much.
NPC Snowman C Man, every time I think about how well made I am, it just makes me want to sing!
NPC Snowman C I feel like everyone's checking me out 'cause I look soooo goooood! $ENTITY It's a little embarrassing!
NPC Snowman C Yeah, I'm pretty much the new $ENTITY mascot. I mean, can you blame folks for liking me so much? I'm gorgeous! But I've gotta stand out even more if I wanna liven up ol' $ENTITY !
NPC Snowman C To melt because of the passionate stares of one's fans is an honor for a snowperson. I hope I'm this gorgeous the next time I'm reborn!
NPC Snowman C I may not be perfect, but maybe there's something about that you can find appealing.
NPC Snowman C I think I have a really good chance at the $ENTITY Best Snowman Awards. $ENTITY That's where the best snowman in the world is chosen. $ENTITY Fortunately, people are drawn to slight imperfections rather than outright flawlessness.
NPC Snowman C Snowpeople really do draw a lot of energy from the cold. $ENTITY Maybe if you like the cold too, you can get super energized like me!
NPC Snowman C I feel like I'm kind of a small-time performer right now. $ENTITY Maybe in the next lifetime I'll be a superstar!
NPC Snowman C Ugh... I can't help it. I just have to complain about the way I look. $ENTITY At times like this, it's usually my mom who's willing to hear me out. $ENTITY I guess maybe I'm just a bit of a snowmama's boy.
NPC Snowman C If I had arms and legs, I would roll me up the perfect girlfriend! $ENTITY Her head would be slightly smaller than her body, and her complexion would be pure as the driven snow! $ENTITY Awwww... Chasing dreams can be tough.
NPC Snowman C I saw someone cute here in this town... I'd like to talk to her, but I wish I were a better-looking snowman.
NPC Snowman C When you've melted as much as I have, it doesn't matter if you're good looking or not!
NPC Snowman C I don't really like to be out and about while I look like this... But snowmen can only live outside, so I guess I'm stuck.
NPC Snowman C You know, I'm starting to not care about how weird I look! $ENTITY I think imperfections are endearing. The "grunge" look is still in, right? Right?!
NPC Snowman C When you're as close to the ground as I am, you get a totally different perspective on this town. I never realized you had feet like that... Oh! Sorry! I didn't mean to embarrass you!
NPC Snowman C OK. You have to listen closely to my last wish... The next time I'm built, I'd like to be built good looking!
NPC Snowman C I can't believe it was snowy around here just yesterday!
NPC Snowman C Spring is so colorful. $ENTITY With this pure- white body of mine, I sure do stand out!
NPC Snowman C It's so hot... And summer is even hotter than this, right? I can't even imagine that.
NPC Snowman C So basically there's not much snow left from this winter... except me!
NPC Snowman C It's your last chance to squeeze my snowy muscles! $ENTITY If you miss it now, you'll have to wait a year!
NPC Snowman C I really hope you'll make me and my whole snowfamily next year!
