NPC Cafe Exhibition Ah, $ENTITY hello and good evening!
NPC Cafe Exhibition $ENTITY 
NPC Cafe Exhibition $ENTITY 
NPC Cafe Exhibition I much prefer the $ENTITY Blue Mountain $ENTITY beans, but my sister always insists on drinking mochas. We may be twins, but our coffee preferences couldn't be more different!
NPC Cafe Exhibition I $ENTITY don't put anything $ENTITY in my coffee... And yet my twin sister demands a lot of milk be put in hers. $ENTITY We agree on many things, but coffee preferences are not among them.
NPC Cafe Exhibition I $ENTITY don't put anything $ENTITY in my coffee... Not my twin sister, though. No, she fills the cup to the top. I'm a bit surprised she has room for coffee. We get along perfectly fine, but we absolutely do not agree when it comes to coffee preferences.
NPC Cafe Exhibition $ENTITY 
NPC Cafe Exhibition ... #x0; $ENTITY 
NPC Cafe Exhibition ) $ENTITY 
NPC Cafe Exhibition Ah, $ENTITY good evening! $ENTITY So we meet again!
NPC Cafe Exhibition Good evening! $ENTITY How are you?
NPC Cafe Exhibition Ah, $ENTITY good evening!... My intuition told me I'd likely see you here in the Roost today.
NPC Cafe Exhibition Good evening! $ENTITY It seems we both share an affinity toward good coffee, don't we?
NPC Cafe Exhibition $ENTITY The HH Showcase is open all year round, 24 hours a day. $ENTITY It's only during times where visitors are few and far between that we get a chance for short breaks. $ENTITY Sadly, since I can't predict when someone will come by, I can't stay here relaxing forever.
NPC Cafe Exhibition I'm still pretty new at my job, $ENTITY so learning all the ins and outs has proved to be a challenge... But if a new home is on display or visitors come to peruse, I feel like all my hard work has been worth it!
NPC Cafe Exhibition M'yes, $ENTITY right now I'm taking a little break, but the HH Showcase is still open, so please don't worry! $ENTITY I'll just take a shortcut to make sure I get back to the front gate before you do! $ENTITY Don't underestimate how quick I can be when I want to!
NPC Cafe Exhibition A new week has just begun! $ENTITY If I do my job right, we'll get a slew of visitors by tomorrow!
NPC Cafe Exhibition $ENTITY I really am thankful for all the kind visitors who've made time in their schedules to stop by the showcase. $ENTITY It's my goal to make my work space someplace that people always want to come see!
NPC Cafe Exhibition Starting tomorrow, we do battle with the remainder of the week. $ENTITY That's why I'm relaxing today!
NPC Cafe Exhibition Tomorrow is Friday! My heavens, it's easy to lose track of what day it is when you work so much.
NPC Cafe Exhibition This week just blew by!... And yet I'll still have more work tomorrow! The HH Showcase is busiest on the weekends, so I must be diligent on Saturdays and Sundays as well!
NPC Cafe Exhibition Since tomorrow is Sunday, I do rather hope the HH Showcase sees more visitors than usual!
NPC Cafe Exhibition Tomorrow begins an all-new week! $ENTITY Let's continue doing our best!
NPC Cafe Exhibition My older sister... Well, I suppose she's not really older since we're twins, but I digress... She's always been a little scattered, so sometimes I worry if she's causing trouble for people in town... .
NPC Cafe Exhibition Since my twin sister and I both got jobs at the same time, we figured it'd save Bells to share a home. It's close to where we both work, $ENTITY so at first we thought it sounded completely perfect... . But we're both so busy with work that we rarely see each other at home. Isn't that ironic? $ENTITY Still, we sometimes run into each other in the middle of the day, so we're not totally separate!
NPC Cafe Exhibition $ENTITY #x0;
NPC Cafe Exhibition Whenever I'm with my twin sister, she always talks so much about you, Mayor. $ENTITY Somehow, I feel like I've known you for a long, long time now! $ENTITY Mayor, I'm sure my sister has her flaws, but I know that at least she's in good hands with you!
NPC Cafe Exhibition Whenever I'm with my twin sister, she always talks on and on about everyone who lives in $ENTITY . $ENTITY It makes me feel like I know every person in town on a deeper level, even if we haven't spoken much. $ENTITY I'm sure my sister has her flaws, but I know she's well taken care of with this town's happy spirit!
