SYS Motto "Don't cut off your nose to spite your face."
SYS Motto "Always go for the burn!"
SYS Motto "A thing of beauty is a joy forever!"
SYS Motto "Dance like no one's watching!"
SYS Motto "Home is where the heart is."
SYS Motto "Keep your nose clean."
SYS Motto "No pain, no gain!"
SYS Motto "Time spent with friends is time well spent!"
SYS Motto "A Bell saved is a Bell earned!"
SYS Motto "All good things must come to an end."
SYS Motto "Be true to yourself."
SYS Motto "Rocky road is more than just a flavor of ice cream."
SYS Motto "Even best friends start out as strangers!"
SYS Motto "Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones."
SYS Motto "Trends always make a comeback."
SYS Motto "Actions speak louder than words."
SYS Motto "Ladies first!"
SYS Motto "Pride goes before a fall."
SYS Motto "He who hesitates has lost!"
SYS Motto "Always keep your wings manicured so you can fly away!"
SYS Motto "Why do today what you can put off until tomorrow."
SYS Motto "It's the early bird that catches the worm!"
SYS Motto "When you're a team of one, you're always captain!"
SYS Motto "When the world gets cold, just fly south."
SYS Motto "Birds of a feather, et cetera, et cetera..."
SYS Motto "Better to have loved and squawked than to have never loved at all."
SYS Motto "The best defense is a good offense."
SYS Motto "The proof of the pudding is in the eating."
SYS Motto "Even strong men cry."
SYS Motto "Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..."
SYS Motto "Don't have a cow."
SYS Motto "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me."
SYS Motto "You mess with the bull, you get the horns."
SYS Motto "You only live once...or nine times."
SYS Motto "Practice makes purrrfect!"
SYS Motto "One good purr deserves another."
SYS Motto "There's an exception to every rule."
SYS Motto "Nothing ventured, nothing gained."
SYS Motto "When life gives you lemons, make lemonade!"
SYS Motto "There's always more fish in the sea!"
SYS Motto "Let them drink cream."
SYS Motto "Ignorance is bliss."
SYS Motto "If you make your opponent flinch, you have already won."
SYS Motto "Crime doesn't pay!"
SYS Motto "All publicity is good publicity!"
SYS Motto "You can never have too much of a good thing!"
SYS Motto "If the mask fits, wear it!"
SYS Motto "If you want something done well, do it yourself."
SYS Motto "There's no use crying over spilled milk."
SYS Motto "A smile increases your face value."
SYS Motto "Love has no bounds."
SYS Motto "Laughter is the best medicine."
SYS Motto "All that glitters is not gold."
SYS Motto "Always land on your feet!"
SYS Motto "MeowMEOWmeow!"
SYS Motto "Candy makes the world go 'round."
SYS Motto "Waste not, want not."
SYS Motto "Fortune favors the brave!"
SYS Motto "There's no such thing as a free lunch."
SYS Motto "The sky's the limit!"
SYS Motto "A stitch in time saves nine."
SYS Motto "Trouble never comes alone."
SYS Motto "Good things come in small packages."
SYS Motto "Let bygones be bygones."
SYS Motto "Sleep early. Wake late."
SYS Motto "Please DO feed the bears!"
SYS Motto "If a job is worth doing, do it right!"
SYS Motto "Birds of a feather crow together."
SYS Motto "Don't put all your eggs in one basket."
SYS Motto "You gotta break a few eggs to make an omelet."
SYS Motto "Early to bed, early to rise."
SYS Motto "A fool and his Bells are soon parted."
SYS Motto "A man's coop is his castle."
SYS Motto "Don't peck the hand that feeds you."
SYS Motto "C'est la vie!"
SYS Motto "A friend in need is a friend indeed!"
SYS Motto "It takes two to tango."
SYS Motto "Moo like there's no tomorrow."
SYS Motto "Slow and steady wins the race."
SYS Motto "Think before you act."
SYS Motto "The hero is brave in deeds as well as words."
SYS Motto "Don't bite off more than you can chew."
SYS Motto "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure."
SYS Motto "There is no room for two dragons in one pond."
SYS Motto "The first step is always the hardest."
SYS Motto "Get while the getting's good."
SYS Motto "Clothes totally make the man."
SYS Motto "Nobody's perfect."
SYS Motto "Legs of an antelope, heart of an eagle."
SYS Motto "Always look both ways before crossing the street."
SYS Motto "It takes one to know one."
SYS Motto "You snooze, you lose."
SYS Motto "Sometimes you have to lose to win."
SYS Motto "If you're afraid of wolves, don't go to the woods."
SYS Motto "A little bit of happiness is better than a lot of anguish."
SYS Motto "A house without either a cat or a dog is a sad house indeed."
SYS Motto "Don't bite the hand that feeds you."
SYS Motto "Let sleeping dogs lie."
SYS Motto "A snack a day keeps the vacuum away."
SYS Motto "Charity begins at home."
SYS Motto "The dog wags his tail, not for you, but for your bread."
SYS Motto "It's not always a dog-eat-dog world."
SYS Motto "Don't lose sight of what you're really after."
SYS Motto "Sometimes life is rough."
SYS Motto "There's not a dog so bad that he won't wag his tail."
SYS Motto "A good dog deserves a good treat."
SYS Motto "One dog barks at something; the rest bark at him."
SYS Motto "Even dogs won't get in the middle of true love."
SYS Motto "Even though there's no 'I' in team, there is a 'me'!"
SYS Motto "Don't get your feathers all ruffled. Just chill."
SYS Motto "A duck won't bite you."
SYS Motto "A wise duck takes care of her bill."
SYS Motto "Duck...duck...GOOSE!"
SYS Motto "Happiness is a rainy day!"
SYS Motto "Purple is the color of royalty."
SYS Motto "Act now before you change your mind!"
SYS Motto "Everything in moderation. Except for snacks."
SYS Motto "...Quack."
SYS Motto "Some birds avoid the water; ducks look for it."
SYS Motto "If the world is flooded, it will be easy for the duck."
SYS Motto "Time is money."
SYS Motto "Like water off a duck's back."
SYS Motto "There is beauty in everything."
SYS Motto "However little you think of an elephant, you can't say it won't fill a pot."
SYS Motto "Keep it mellow."
SYS Motto "A big nose never spoiled a handsome face."
SYS Motto "An elephant never forgets."
SYS Motto "Keep your feet on the ground."
SYS Motto "Do not compare a fly with an elephant."
SYS Motto "Time makes fossils of us all."
SYS Motto "Tea is a cup of life."
SYS Motto "Don't jump to conclusions!"
SYS Motto "Never rest, never rust."
SYS Motto "Always aim high!"
SYS Motto "What you can't see can't hurt you."
SYS Motto "Always go for the gold!"
SYS Motto "Age before beauty."
SYS Motto "Look before you leap."
SYS Motto "Sleep before you leap."
SYS Motto "Jump first; ask questions later."
SYS Motto "Catch more flies with honey than vinegar."
SYS Motto "It takes more muscles to frown than to smile."
SYS Motto "Look at the world through rose-colored glasses."
SYS Motto "Where there's smoke, there's fire."
SYS Motto "Eyes are the windows to the soul."
SYS Motto "The way to a frog's heart is through his stomach."
SYS Motto "If you're gonna dream, dream big."
SYS Motto "Nanny-nanny boo-boo!"
SYS Motto "Don't burn bridges."
SYS Motto "Work smarter, not harder."
SYS Motto "Be yourselfeveryone else is already taken."
SYS Motto "Before you judge someone, walk a mile in her hooves."
SYS Motto "As soon as you can grow a mustache, do it."
SYS Motto "Look behind you."
SYS Motto "Never settle for second best."
SYS Motto "Pearls are a pink gorilla's best friend."
SYS Motto "Life is a buffetalways go back for seconds."
SYS Motto "Art feeds the soul. So does pizza."
SYS Motto "One good turn deserves another."
SYS Motto "The ear's the thing."
SYS Motto "One rotten apple spoils the barrel."
SYS Motto "Knowledge is power."
SYS Motto "Everything is temporary."
SYS Motto "Sometimes dreams are merely dreams."
SYS Motto "Life is just a bowl of cherries."
SYS Motto "Squeak your mind, even if your voice shakes."
SYS Motto "Children should be seen and not heard."
SYS Motto "The only thing to fear is fear itself...and bees."
SYS Motto "It's best to keep your lips and purse sealed."
SYS Motto "The best part of spring is the picnics!"
SYS Motto "Eighth place is just the seventh loser."
SYS Motto "Patience is a virtue for folks with time."
SYS Motto "Mottoes are for the unoriginal."
SYS Motto "Keep your eyes on the prize."
SYS Motto "Don't put the cart before the horse."
SYS Motto "Keep your chin up!"
SYS Motto "The horse doesn't pull the cart the oats do."
SYS Motto "Trouble rides a fast horse."
SYS Motto "Smile, and the world smiles with you."
SYS Motto "Beauty is pain!"
SYS Motto "Every day is a gift."
SYS Motto "Let gossip go in one ear and out the other."
SYS Motto "The grass is always greener."
SYS Motto "Make hay while the sun shines."
SYS Motto "Never say neigh."
SYS Motto "Never trot when you can prance."
SYS Motto "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder."
SYS Motto "Treat others as you would like to be treated."
SYS Motto "A friend who shares is a friend who cares."
SYS Motto "Sail wherever the wind takes you."
SYS Motto "Half a loaf is better than none."
SYS Motto "It's never too late to start over."
SYS Motto "Eucalyptus is the spice of life."
SYS Motto "Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery."
SYS Motto "Funny parents have funny kids."
SYS Motto "Nail polish is thicker than water."
SYS Motto "The apple doesn't fall far from the tree."
SYS Motto "Hop first; ask questions later."
SYS Motto "Take the good with the bad."
SYS Motto "Bob and weave! Bob and weave!"
SYS Motto "The road to a friend's house is never long."
SYS Motto "You're not living unless you're sweating!"
SYS Motto "Better a live coward than a dead hero."
SYS Motto "The lion's share goes to the lion."
SYS Motto "Set 'em up and knock 'em down."
SYS Motto "Love is blind."
SYS Motto "Bread always falls peanut-butter side down."
SYS Motto "Friends go together like peanut butter and bananas."
SYS Motto "Always be down to monkey around!"
SYS Motto "No news is good news."
SYS Motto "Do as I say, not as I do."
SYS Motto "See no donut, hear no donut, speak no donut."
SYS Motto "A good start leads to a good end."
SYS Motto "Righty tighty, lefty loosey."
SYS Motto "The squeaky wheel gets the cheese."
SYS Motto "Don't build a better mousetrap."
SYS Motto "A head shot is worth a thousand words."
SYS Motto "The gift says more about the giver."
SYS Motto "Squeak softly and carry a big stick."
SYS Motto "If you can't beat 'em, work harder."
SYS Motto "Evil lurks everywhere."
SYS Motto "The walls have ears."
SYS Motto "One nap leads to another."
SYS Motto "A cornered rat will summon the courage to bite a cat."
SYS Motto "No time like the present!"
SYS Motto "The world is a stage."
SYS Motto "One mile or a thousand makes no difference to love."
SYS Motto "Meeting is just the start of us saying good-bye."
SYS Motto "Don't be a sucker!"
SYS Motto "If you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all."
SYS Motto "There's no such thing as luck."
SYS Motto "You never get a second chance to make a first impression."
SYS Motto "Smiles are free."
SYS Motto "Hard work beats talent."
SYS Motto "Best not to say too much."
SYS Motto "Nothing beats personal experience."
SYS Motto "Pink is the new black."
SYS Motto "You can't keep a good bird down."
SYS Motto "What goes up must come down."
SYS Motto "Pampering yourself is as important as food, water, and shelter!"
SYS Motto "When someone says fly, you ask how high!"
SYS Motto "What goes around comes around."
SYS Motto "Today is the last day of the rest of your life."
SYS Motto "Discretion is the better part of valor."
SYS Motto "Even in a room full of fools, someone is the smartest."
SYS Motto "It's the thought that counts."
SYS Motto "Always keep your cool."
SYS Motto "You must learn to waddle before you can swim."
SYS Motto "Sometimes you gotta learn to chill."
SYS Motto "Always have a comeback."
SYS Motto "You can't learn a life lesson from a fortune cookie."
SYS Motto "Mind your manners, or someone else will."
SYS Motto "A bad attitude will land you in the penalty box."
SYS Motto "Flying is believing."
SYS Motto "Six of one, half dozen of the other."
SYS Motto "Rules were made to be broken."
SYS Motto "Always keep a straight face."
SYS Motto "Frosting is just the icing on the cake."
SYS Motto "Get fired up!"
SYS Motto "The best things in life are free."
SYS Motto "Don't judge a book by its cover."
SYS Motto "Keep it real. Real chill."
SYS Motto "The best is yet to come."
SYS Motto "It's never too late for a snack."
SYS Motto "Might makes right."
SYS Motto "We're all diamonds in the rough."
SYS Motto "Still waters run deep."
SYS Motto "You can't have your cake and eat it too."
SYS Motto "Sometimes it's OK to get dirty."
SYS Motto "Always get it in writing."
SYS Motto "You reap what you sow."
SYS Motto "Hare today, gone tomorrow."
SYS Motto "It's always a good hare day."
SYS Motto "Don't put off till tomorrow what you can do today."
SYS Motto "A good ninja is neither seen nor heard."
SYS Motto "An ear for an ear leaves everyone deaf."
SYS Motto "The more the merrier."
SYS Motto "Fake it till you make it."
SYS Motto "What is cheap is most costly."
SYS Motto "Fall down seven times, get up eight."
SYS Motto "You can always take the red-eye."
SYS Motto "One cannot live on carrots alone."
SYS Motto "You can't have wise men if you don't have fools too."
SYS Motto "A fool and her Bells are soon parted."
SYS Motto "It's not old; it's vintage."
SYS Motto "Absence makes the heart grow fonder."
SYS Motto "Hindsight is always 20/20."
SYS Motto "Little pitchers have big ears."
SYS Motto "Always help a friend in need."
SYS Motto "Remember to keep your core muscles engaged!"
SYS Motto "Don't look down your nose at people!"
SYS Motto "Life is a piece of cake."
SYS Motto "Reckless youth makes rueful age."
SYS Motto "No sweater off my back."
SYS Motto "Don't just follow the flock."
SYS Motto "There is a point to every encounter."
SYS Motto "You can't fight your genes."
SYS Motto "If you want to know yourself better, ask your neighbors."
SYS Motto "Every cloud has a silver lining."
SYS Motto "Don't pine for the past."
SYS Motto "Don't sweat the small potatoes."
SYS Motto "There's a black sheep in every family."
SYS Motto "Be the class clown."
SYS Motto "Never take a nibble when you can take a bite."
SYS Motto "Practice makes perfect."
SYS Motto "Don't go nuts or anything."
SYS Motto "Promises are like pie crusts they're made to be broken."
SYS Motto "Appearances are, like, totally deceiving."
SYS Motto "You gotta put the pedal to the metal!"
SYS Motto "New brooms sweep clean."
SYS Motto "Even the smallest acorn may grow into the tallest tree."
SYS Motto "Lightning never strikes twice."
SYS Motto "Always lead by example."
SYS Motto "You gotta break a few shells to get to the nut."
SYS Motto "It's always teatime somewhere."
SYS Motto It's all about positive thinking!
SYS Motto "Winners don't quit, and quitters never win."
SYS Motto "Seize the day."
SYS Motto Never say never!
SYS Motto "Don't skip lunch. Ever."
SYS Motto "Refuse to lose."
SYS Motto "Don't blink or you'll miss it."
SYS Motto "That's the way the energy bar crumbles."
SYS Motto "A tiger can't change its stripes."
SYS Motto "There is such a thing as love at first sight."
SYS Motto "Don't wish it were easier; wish you were better."
SYS Motto "If it's not one thing, it's another."
SYS Motto "Don't be afraid to show your fangs."
SYS Motto "Don't cry wolf unless you mean it."
SYS Motto "Don't stray too far from the pack."
SYS Motto "You mess with the wolf, you get the fangs."
SYS Motto "Love makes the world go 'round."
SYS Motto Never trust a sheep in wolf's clothing.
