SYS Museum Art Thirty-Six Views of Mount Fuji The Great Wave off Kanagawa Artist: Katsushika Hokusai Made around 1831 Woodblock print $ENTITY This is the most famous piece in a series called the Thirty-Six Views, yet the actual total in the set is 46.
SYS Museum Art Las Meninas Artist: Diego Velzquez Made around 1656 Oil on canvas The painting is also known as The Maids of Honor. This is Velzquez's most famous painting.
SYS Museum Art The Milkmaid Artist: Johannes Vermeer Made around 1658 Oil on canvas Vermeer is known as a master of light. This painting demonstrates his craft with subtlety and grace.
SYS Museum Art The Blue Boy Artist: Thomas Gainsborough Made in 1770 Oil on canvas This portrait of a boy in blue by Gainsborough has been a longtime favorite of the British public.
SYS Museum Art Mona Lisa Artist: Leonardo da Vinci Started around 1503 Oil on poplar The most famous smile in the world. No one quite knows to this very day why the woman is smiling.
SYS Museum Art Apples and Oranges Artist: Paul Czanne Made around 1899 Oil on canvas A still-life painting from Czanne. He influenced Picasso, who said he was the father of modern painting.
SYS Museum Art The Night Watch Artist: Rembrandt van Rijn Made in 1642 Oil on canvas A painting of a city militia that was found, after restoration of the work, to take place in the daylight.
SYS Museum Art The Fifer Artist: douard Manet Made in 1866 Oil on canvas One of Manet's earliest works. He influenced later painters and is called the Father of Impressionism.
SYS Museum Art The Birth of Venus Artist: Sandro Botticelli Made around 1485 Tempera on canvas This painting depicts the Roman goddess of love, Venus, standing in a shell after emerging from the sea.
SYS Museum Art The Gleaners Artist: Jean-Franois Millet Made in 1857 Oil on canvas This painting depicts a common scene of the day where extra wheat is collected by the needy.
SYS Museum Art Sunflowers Artist: Vincent van Gogh Made around 1888 Oil on canvas Part of a series that van Gogh did during a period when he became obsessed with painting sunflowers.
SYS Museum Art The Clothed Maja Artist: Francisco de Goya Made around 1805 Oil on canvas While we assume "Maja" is a person, it is actually just a word that meant "stylish woman" during the 1800s.
SYS Museum Art Summer Artist: Giuseppe Arcimboldo Made around 1573 Oil on canvas Arcimboldo's style was to paint a face as if it were assembled from a bunch of fruits and vegetables.
SYS Museum Art Arearea Artist: Paul Gauguin Made around 1892 Oil on canvas "Arearea" means "fun" or "joy" in Tahitian. It was while visiting Tahiti that Gauguin painted this picture.
SYS Museum Art Otani Oniji the 3rd as Yakko Edobei Artist: Toshusai Sharaku Made in 1794 Woodblock print An ukiyo-e print of an actor from the Edo period. Sharaku crafted 140 such prints within 10 months.
SYS Museum Art A Bar at the Folies-Bergre Artist: douard Manet Made around 1882 Oil on canvas Manet's last major work of art. The scene is mostly shown in the reflection in the mirror at the bar.
SYS Museum Art Basket of Fruit Artist: Caravaggio Made around 1596 Oil on canvas Caravaggio's name actually comes from the town where he grew up. He later used it as his moniker.
SYS Museum Art Liberty Leading the People Artist: Eugne Delacroix Made in 1830 Oil on canvas Painted during the same year as the July Revolution of 1830 in France, depicting liberty as a real figure.
SYS Museum Art A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte Artist: Georges Seurat Made around 1885 Oil on canvas This is an example of pointillism. The scene of the crowd is actually made entirely out of small dots.
SYS Museum Art The Sower Artist: Jean-Franois Millet Made around 1850 Oil on canvas This painting features a small town where the artist once lived. He is said to have influenced van Gogh.
SYS Museum Art Girl with a Pearl Earring Artist: Johannes Vermeer Made around 1665 Oil on canvas Sometimes also called The Girl in the Blue Turban. To this day, the painting's model remains a mystery.
SYS Museum Art Lady with an Ermine Artist: Leonardo da Vinci Made around 1490 Oil on wood panel An ermine is a white stoat. Oddly, da Vinci only painted a handful of portraits of women in his career.
SYS Museum Art The Hunters in the Snow Artist: Pieter Brueghel the Elder Made in 1565 Oil on wood panel Also known as The Return of the Hunters. Brueghel's son painted as Pieter Brueghel the Younger.
SYS Museum Art Folding Screen of Fujin and Raijin The Gods of Wind and Thunder Artist: Tawaraya Sotatsu Made in the 17th century Gold leaf and ink on paper Fujin, the wind god, is holding a bag that causes wind, while Raijin, the thunder god, uses taiko drums.
SYS Museum Art Beauty Looking Back Artist: Hishikawa Moronobu Made in the 17th century Color on silk A hand-painted ukiyo-e print from the middle of the Edo era. It's of a fashionable lady looking backward.
SYS Museum Art Venus de Milo Artist Unknown Made around 130 BC Marble A statue of the goddess of love found on the island of Milos. Many wonder how she originally posed.
SYS Museum Art Nike of Samothrace Artist Unknown Made around 190 BC Marble It is thought that the goddess of victory was supposed to look as if she was on the front of a boat.
SYS Museum Art David Artist: Michelangelo Made around 1504 Marble Done by Michelangelo, it depicts a young David with slinging rocks as he glares at his enemy, Goliath.
SYS Museum Art Discobolus Artist Unknown Made in the 2nd century Marble Made in ancient Rome and based on a work by ancient Greek sculptor Myron, the artist remains unknown.
SYS Museum Art King Kamehameha I Artist: Thomas Ridgeway Gould Made around 1880 Bronze This statue depicts the man who unified the Hawaiian Islands. The original was nearly lost at sea.
SYS Museum Art Bust of Nefertiti Artist: Thutmose Made around 1345 BC Limestone Queen Nefertiti's Ancient Egyptian name means "the beautiful one has come." Her statue lives up to that.
SYS Museum Art Jomon Period "Dogu" Figurine Shakoki-dogu Artist Unknown Made between 1000 and 400 BC Fired pottery Shakoki refers to how the big, round eyes look like Inuit snow goggles used for blocking light.
SYS Museum Art Capitoline Wolf Artist Unknown 5th century BC / 13th century AD Bronze This statue of a wolf raising twins was inspired by Roman legend and originally thought to be much older.
